
Today we studied about 1.1.1 Identify context for which a new system is planned.I learnd some of the most important notes
like feasibility report, TELOS, usablility and so on. Then we studied some codes to order to show the list directly(ls)
and  changing directly (cd). by these codes we are able to see what we have in our computer. then we studied about how to 
create a folder in desktop or any other place that we like, for making folder we can use the code (mkdir) then the name of 
the folder that we to create. Next we can create file in our folder. we can use (cat) for showing the content of a file. we 
learned about (nano), I forgot what we can do with nano.

Wed 4th September
Today we studied about how to  create a program that by entering the numbers
or data we can find the answer. First we need to do is to install the GitHub
then we can create a program. For example we decide to create a program for 
finding our age in days. what we need to do is to write 
#!/bin/bash
#This is a comment
#This program will calculate my age in days 
((age = 365 * 17))
echo " My age in day"

Then save it by pressing CTRL+X then y

for using the programing write : 
bash+ name of your program. Then you can enter the numbers and get the answer.

Second program was to create a program for calculating the area of rectangel. 
create area.sh 
calculate the area of rectangel 
nano+ name of the file 
bash+ name of the program 

 Thursday 5 September 
Today we worked on creating a progaram. for example we created a program for the price of ice cream for an ice cream factory. what I learned today is we can create 
program by entering the name of the program+.sh .Then we can add our comments like what this program is for and how it workes by using echo. when we write echo then a 
comment so that comment will be seen by users.After echo we should write (read number/x/iteam). then the program will read the number we enter. 
(git add .) is using for adding changes or new files
(git commit -m "message" ) for adding message
(git push -sync with cloud.
    
Wed 11 September 
 Today we worked on while loops. When we want to create a game and the game needs to loop I mean come back to the first and then end the game, 
what we need to do is to write while then  the condition and then we can add other comments like if the condition is like this, then.  condition is true so we can continue the game and
 we can set other conditions. 
 
 
  
